todo:
  Takes one argument, an mlb file, and walks through all referenced sml files
  for comments starting with "TODO" and prints them to the console with
  information of where they are located (file and location in file).

size:
  Takes one argument, an mlb file, and walks through all referenced sml files
  and counts their size and number of lines.

  Also includes any Makefile located in directories containing referenced sml
  files.

  If lex/yacc files are referenced, then the .lex and .yacc files are counted
  instead (i.e., not any of the auto generated code .lex.sml and yacc.sml)

  The gathered size and lines are printed to the console  

  The size tool don't follow referenced paths that are above itself (the mlb
  file that was given as argument), thus even though all mlb files (normally)
  reference the standard library it will not be included in the count

NormalForm:
  Takes two arguments, an mlb file and a sml files (the sml files must be
  referenced inside the mlb file).

  The referenced sml file will be normalised and the result (including
  information on how it got normalised) is printed to the console.


SourceExplorer:
  Takes one argument, an mlb file, and prints "tree structure" to the console
  that can be navigated through.

  Navigation down the tree can be done by inputting the number of the desired
  node to navigate into.

  Other navigation keys are:
  Key : Meaning  : Description
  u   : Up       : Navigate up to parent node.
  s   : Show     : Show the current node and any level of child nodes.
  r   : Right    : Show environment before the node.
  l   : Left     : Show the environment that the current node introduces
                 : I.E. left+right = new environment after node
  Ent : Enter    : When the current node is an sml file, enter will go into the
                   sml file and the exploration can continue.
  q   : Quit     : If entered into an sml file, quit will walk out of the file
                   and back to the parent file including/referencing the current.
                   Up has the same effect as quit if the current node is the top
                   most node in the current file.
